I'm Isfahan I'm an Emma for its house
that she's going to cook for me today
I'm very excited she is going to cook
chicken korma and saffron korma dal and
beetroot right now and I cannot imagine
why she's taking on this big hurdle of
cooking the garden the halwa which would
take forever to cook but I'm excited
about it
welcome to my kitchen i'm emma freud
this is Asma calm hello lover and I
thought they're making something she's
never made before because she's got me
cooking her recipes yeah so this is
exchange cultural exchange and something
like they have an easy time yeah yeah
you you you there was more prep that
went into your them into my Zakaria yes
okay so I've made your chicken korma and
looks amazing
I've made love of curries but I've never
made something this smells nice right
okay so it's different from a normal one
because it's very white isn't it yes and
because you know most in any hassles
don't add coloring it to their food
that's a Western thing is it yeah
because I think some restaurant has
taught that white people like me the
orange color
so - you know like I am dressed in
bright colors so the conception is you
know I'm very ethnic and I'm very
colorful and I'm not white so you know I
remember in Cambridge I went my first
Indian restaurant the rice was
multicolored I almost died and hostak a
unit like this rice is diseased because
you know anything is green yeah you
don't eat it you run because you know
it's either alive let's go chase you in
and you know it's not too wrapped up if
it's not and the rice was dying pretty
green and orange and red rice you never
happen you don't like the confetti rice
that we do here and we think we're being
so Indian and I'm hilari know gonna just
being born Lee - thinking this is exotic
okay okay yeah you just bizarre because
I think you know I'm very I'm very
hesitant to criticize the pioneers of
Indian restaurants of this country yeah
because I think that you know I can't
even imagine what Britain was like in
the 60s you know I'm standing on their
shoulders they change the pilot of a
mission it's incredible I'm very
indebted to and I never hear chefs you
know who are you know cooking proper
Indian food ever said no I never had
that and it's so ironic that it takes
you you know the most notorious and
celebrated Asian cook in London to
actually champion and pay respect to the
people who came before you rather than
Gary
I don't chicken tikka masala is an
absolute aberration or it's not best
people say I think all of us have none
unless is but you can honor people you
cannot relate to for the part they
played played yeah where you are yeah
and then I I always
the restaurants when they criticize the
curry houses and rightfully so
and before and some of them was they
really I mean not Indian it is still you
know wrong to not to forget I think all
of us need to move already come from
it's a journey for of us um okay so I've
made the worst flat breads in history
that's quite nice it looks very rustic
is it a bit like a Puri know what being
a Puri Puri is both those deep-fried
okay so these are the or fried onions
yes and I'm gonna put these onto the
chicken korma yes on the dish or in the
pan you can know I doing this out of a
dish looks about to you know I spent on
the plate okay there's the onions and
then this is the oil that's to go on the
doll yep you have to heat up oil
okay let's do this
and then I've got your boots off yeah
your beetroot sort of slow movement I've
done entire dish I thought I might have
over-salted that no okay
when you write in your kitchen do you
ever follow a recipe why'd you just go
on instinct yeah I just closed it I
don't follow you ever mess up you can
make something really really bad
yes I've messed up I think I mess up the
most and I'm very happy seeing you
making these Prince's bread separately
like you yeah yeah not perfect safe
shaped
yeah yeah so this is not I to do this on
television
TJ yeah and I messed up repeatedly till
I just still number societies and
because I have this reputation of being
authentic Indian oh they want it yes of
course they you can get away with any
I can you can say this this is what we
do again in so when you mess up Kerala
yeah yeah you run you mess up you can
always cover up because you don't find
anyone out there at least in London
there very few people who could
challenge me yeah I'm food because yeah
the kind of food for manager I could get
away with a lot that's very good that's
the first time I faked it because I've I
was just like not being able to do it
correctly so just be oral or with the
leaves as well everything Oh everything
Nala leaves everything is complete oh
and then you stir it in I thought was
just going to be like a drizzle like a
commis drizzle okay we're ready my fish
will you stop or are you not on you are
can we stop there